README.md, before:

What does this do?
===========

This script checks an email inbox via IMAP for a message from IFTT that contains location and start time data for a Google Calendar event, triggered 15 minutes before it is scheduled to start. The script gathers the event's location info and emails a precipitation forecast for it using the awesome Dark Sky API (https://developer.darkskyapp.com).  BUY THE APP! http://darkskyapp.com/


Requirements
============

* A Dark Sky API key (https://developer.darkskyapp.com/)
* An IMAP email inbox
* A box to run darkskymail.py as a service


Directions
==========

1.  Clone the project into a directory on your box.
2.  Save this IFTTT.com Recipe and update the "to" email address to your Recipes (https://ifttt.com/recipes/61656)
3.  Edit the settings.py file. Use the comments to guide you.
4.  Run darkskymail.py

![Sample Email](https://dl.dropbox.com/s/jsoj0a4klcz9hcs/screenshot_mailapp.png?dl=1)

***IMPORTANT***
Once DarkSkyMail is running, be sure to include a valid address in the "location" field of the calendar event!  I am using the Google geocoding API, so it's quite forgiving if you don't use an exact/full address with postal codes, etc.  You can even use place names in some cases. ("Union Square New York" works, "721 Broadway New York" works, etc.)  But I recommend using an exact address whenever possible.

TIP:  This script works great when sending an email through an SMS gateway.  (i.e. 2122222222@vtext.com for a Verizon Wireless phone.)  But you might want to add a value to the "alert_subject" setting and make it shorter than the default.  You might also want to be sure to set the 'include_day_summary' and include_map' settings to False.


![Sample SMS](https://dl.dropbox.com/s/7ky4ej5d90r17pd/screenshot_sms.png?dl=1)

FAQ
===

1.  Will this work internationally?

	I don't see why not.

2.  Receiving the message only 15 minutes before the event starts is kind of useless to me.  Can I change this?
	
	Currently, IFTT.com will only trigger the email 15 minutes before the event, and there is no way to alter this.  I would recommend complaining to them that you'd like to see at least SOME options (15 min, 30 min, 1 hr, etc.)  My original plan was to simply use a Google event's "email alert" feature, but there is seemingly no way to programmatically format the email to include a) just the data I want and b) in a format that's easily parseable.

3.  What does the email data look like?
	
	The subject of an email must have "[darkskymail]" in it or the script will skip right over it.

	The body of an event email is just the address you entered in the "location" field for the event, then a semicolon, then the start date and time of the event. Here's an example:

	1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043;October 13, 2012 at 01:21AM

Commit message:

Now handles Google Calendar alert emails directly...
Previous versions used to rely on http://iftt.com to send an email when a new calendar event was detected.  I updated the IMAP fetch code to handle multipart messages (which is what is sent by Google) and updated the main application to expect the Google Calendar alert email format.

README.md, after:

What does this do?
===========

This script checks an email inbox via IMAP for a message that contains location and start time data for a Google Calendar event, triggered 15 minutes before it is scheduled to start. The script gathers the event's location info and emails a precipitation forecast for it using the awesome Dark Sky API (https://developer.darkskyapp.com).  BUY THE APP! http://darkskyapp.com/


Requirements
============

* A Dark Sky API key (https://developer.darkskyapp.com/)
* An IMAP email inbox
* A box to run darkskymail.py as a service


Directions
==========

1.  Clone the project into a directory on your box.
2.  Edit the settings.py file. Use the comments to guide you.
3.  Run darkskymail.py

After it's running, you'll need to create email reminders for your events sent to the email address in settings.py ("alert_to") for no earlier than one hour prior to the event.  (DarkSky will only give you a forecast for the next hour.)

![Sample Email](https://dl.dropbox.com/s/jsoj0a4klcz9hcs/screenshot_mailapp.png?dl=1)

***IMPORTANT***
Once DarkSkyMail is running, be sure to include a valid address in the "location" field of the calendar event!  I am using the Google geocoding API, so it's quite forgiving if you don't use an exact/full address with postal codes, etc.  You can even use place names in some cases. ("Union Square New York" works, "721 Broadway New York" works, etc.)  But I recommend using an exact address whenever possible.

TIP:  This script works great when sending an email through an SMS gateway.  (i.e. 2122222222@vtext.com for a Verizon Wireless phone.)  But you might want to add a value to the "alert_subject" setting and make it shorter than the default.  You might also want to be sure to set the 'include_day_summary' and include_map' settings to False.


![Sample SMS](https://dl.dropbox.com/s/7ky4ej5d90r17pd/screenshot_sms.png?dl=1)
